Just now, he looked like he was not afraid of the sky and the earth
Why don't you dare to travel now?
So unbearable
Really hot eyes
Miss Zhang Shenyiqin
This is the medical exchange
Not so serious
What? What if Hill loses?
Do you still want 1 billion investment?
Brother Ye, what's wrong with you?
Why are you so cruel to me?
Is there any misunderstanding between us?
I have no misunderstanding with you
Your brother is no longer nice to me
How can we do this?
Be careful how he treats me alone
Humph
Zhang 11 Miss Qin
I was just too excited
So it's a little offensive to say
How about this?
Give me a chance to make amends
I'm having a party tonight
No need, I am today.
I still want to discuss medical skills with Brother Su
Who are you?
Dare to invite me to dinner
What other party is there?
Isn't it embarrassing enough?
Go go go go
Yiming amazing at the party
But lose face
These two beauties should admire me
But now I have a bad impression of me
It's all Su's fault
Destroyed everything I had carefully prepared
I want you in half a year at the latest
Su Yi died miserably